Update 04.use-cases-b.md (#152)
SORTEE-Github-Hackathon/manuscript: content/04.use-cases-b.md

### Writing manuscript

<!--*contributors to this section:* Emma J. Hudgins-->

Beyond supporting collaboration at the level of code, GitHub can even be used for collaborative writing of manuscripts. 
Writing a manuscript in GitHub and storing it with the data and code associated with a repository allows for all files associated with a research product to be found in one place.
Further, authors can make use of the Discussions tab to suggest relevant papers to be cited, and can raise issues during the writing process that can be assigned to collaborators.

While GitHub is not considered as user-friendly for manuscript development as conventional word processors (Ram 2013), it has been substantially improved with recent tools.

> An important collaborative tool is [HackMD](https://hackmd.io), allows real-time collaboration like Google Docs for individual Markdown documents. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important collaborative tool is [HackMD](https://hackmd.io), which allows real-time collaboration like Google Docs for individual Markdown documents. 
```

Have we explained what Markdown is at this point in the manuscript?  If not, I think the first point to make is that although GitHub doesn't work well with Word, it _does_ work well with Markdown which can be rendered to Word, PDF, and HTML.

At any time, changes to documents can be committed to an associated GitHub repository.
We used this platform early in the process of writing this manuscript to generate an outline.

Later, we wrote this manuscript using Manubot, a collaborative manuscript platform that uses Markdown for writing and GitHub for storing and tracking changes to a manuscript over time [@https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1007128]. 

> Manubot uses a GitHub Actions-based typesetting system to compiles individual Markdown documents stored in a GitHub repository into a single LaTeX document, which can be displayed in HTML or PDF formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manubot uses a GitHub Actions-based typesetting system to compile individual Markdown documents stored in a GitHub repository into a single LaTeX document, which can be displayed in Word, HTML, or PDF formats.
```
Manubot has an option to create word documents---we just haven't used it I think.
